Xia Ruya
Just by you
I also want to take Mrs. Lu's place in my place
dream
Sister, don't be safe
Long time no see
As a sister, I haven't given you any gifts yet
Xiaoxian, what do you want to do?
Sister, you don't want to know
Where was your little bastard buried?
But he is really pitiful.
Died at birth
Now the graves are covered with grass
No one went to pay homage
Where is my child?
I can take you to meet him
But
You have to be alone.
I believe you'd better not play any tricks
Xia Xiner, where is my son's tomb?
Sister, I said you are really stupid
The little bastard you gave birth to
Aren't you living well in the Lu family?
You mean little technology?
My son, right?
But it's a pity
You'll never see him again.
You losers
This can make people run away for me
Not in a hurry